README.md, before:

# phis2-docs-community

## Overview
This repository contains PHIS2 users documentation.

## Background
PHIS (Phenotyping Hybrid Information System) is developped for high-throughput plant phenotyping in close interaction to plant phenotyping communities.
PHIS is part of SILEX collaborative meta-project developped at MISTEA joint research unit (INRA - SupAgro).
More information on SILEX is availbale at [SILEX wiki](https://mulcyber.toulouse.inra.fr/plugins/mediawiki/wiki/silex/index.php/Accueil "SILEX wiki Main Page").

## Contributors
Contributors to this documentation are agents of the joint research unit MISTEA (INRA - SupAgro) in Montpellier :
- Anne Tireau
- Morgane Vidal
- Pierre-Etienne Alary

Every PHIS2 user is welcomed to enrich this repository with its experience of the information system.

## Issues
This documentation is currently under developpement.
If a PHIS2 user wish to point out a flaw in this documentation, he is welcomed to do so in this repository's [GitHub issues](https://github.com/OpenSILEX/phis2-docs-community/issues).
Concerning issues with PHIS2 itself, users are invited to report them via another channel, which has not been set up to this day.

## Version
&copy; INRA MISTEA 2014-2018 (SILEX-PHIS v.2.2 - 18 January 2018)

Commit message:

Events and tracking tools llorenc.cabrera-bosquet@inra.fr

README.md, after:

# phis2-docs-community

## Overview
This repository contains PHIS2 users documentation.

## Background
PHIS (Phenotyping Hybrid Information System) is developped for high-throughput plant phenotyping in close interaction to plant phenotyping communities.
PHIS is part of SILEX collaborative meta-project developped at MISTEA joint research unit (INRA - SupAgro).
More information on SILEX is availbale at [SILEX wiki](https://mulcyber.toulouse.inra.fr/plugins/mediawiki/wiki/silex/index.php/Accueil "SILEX wiki Main Page").

## Contributors
Contributors to this documentation are agents of the joint research units MISTEA (INRA - SupAgro) and LEPSE in Montpellier :

- Pierre-Etienne Alary
- Morgane Vidal
- Anne Tireau
- Llorenç Cabrera-Bosquet

Every PHIS2 user is welcomed to enrich this repository with its experience of the information system.

## Issues
This documentation is currently under developpement.
If a PHIS2 user wish to point out a flaw in this documentation, he is welcomed to do so in this repository's [GitHub issues](https://github.com/OpenSILEX/phis2-docs-community/issues).
Concerning issues with PHIS2 itself, users are invited to report them via another channel, which has not been set up to this day.

## Version
&copy; INRA MISTEA 2014-2018 (SILEX-PHIS v.2.2 - 18 January 2018)
